update to new doc fx (#216)
DevExpress/dotnet-eud: README.md

# DevExpress End-User Documentation

> By accessing this repository, you agree to the terms of the [DevExpress End-User Documentation License Agreement](LICENSE.md).

Learn how to clone DevExpress End-User documentation and use sources as a white-labeled documentation. Create your own documentation websites and PDF files for projects based on DevExpress technologies. You can also review a sample pre-built website.

End-User Documentation contains information about [WinForms](https://www.devexpress.com/products/net/controls/winforms/) and ASP.NET [WebForms](https://www.devexpress.com/products/net/controls/asp/)/[MVC](https://www.devexpress.com/products/net/controls/asp/mvc/) products, as well as [Reporting](https://www.devexpress.com/subscriptions/reporting/) and [Business Intelligence Dashboard](https://www.devexpress.com/products/net/dashboard/).

If you search for **Developer Documentation with API Reference**, refer to [docs.devexpress.com](https://docs.devexpress.com).

## Document Format and Supported Output Types
Documents in this repository are written in markdown. You can manually copy the information to your own help file according to our [license](LICENSE.md).

> The repository uses [DocFX](https://dotnet.github.io/docfx/) to convert these files from a set of markdown topics to an HTML website or a PDF file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The repository uses [DocFX](https://dotnet.github.io/docfx/) to convert markdown files to an HTML website or a PDF file.
```

You can make the following changes to the documentation, or skip this step if you want to reuse the end-user documentation as is:
   
- Remove unnecessary files.
- Add new documents to your application. You should update the *toc.yml* ([table-of-content](https://dotnet.github.io/docfx/docs/table-of-contents.html)) files if you added or removed topics.
- Change screenshots to match your app's UI.
- Specify logo and site titles: [Template Metadata](https://dotnet.github.io/docfx/docs/template.html#template-metadata).
- Create a [custom DocFX template](https://dotnet.github.io/docfx/tutorial/howto_create_custom_template.html).

## View Content
Do one of the following to view the End-User Documentation content:

1. Browse this repository's content directly: [index.md](index.md)

> 1. View the sample pre-built website: [devexpress.github.io/dotnet-eud](https://devexpress.github.io/dotnet-eud/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. View the  pre-built sample website: [devexpress.github.io/dotnet-eud](https://devexpress.github.io/dotnet-eud/)
```

1. [Build an HTML Website](#build-an-html-website)
1. [Build PDF files](#build-pdf-files)

### Build an HTML Website

> Prerequisites
> - Familiarity with the command line

> > - Install [.NET SDK](https://dotnet.microsoft.com/en-us/download) 6.0 or higher

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> - [.NET SDK](https://dotnet.microsoft.com/en-us/download) 6.0 or higher
```

> - [Git](https://git-scm.com/)

Make sure you have [.NET SDK](https://dotnet.microsoft.com/en-us/download) installed, then open a terminal and enter the following command to install the latest DocFX:

```bash
dotnet tool update -g docfx
```

> You can also download the latest version of DocFX directly: [releases](https://github.com/dotnet/docfx/releases).

Copy the repository to your computer and checkout the branch corresponding to the version of DevExpress controls your application uses. 

> Do not use the `master` branch because it is the version currently under development:

Reviewer: I feel like we should move this line after the snippet (can't make the suggestion in the pr).

```
git clone https://github.com/DevExpress/dotnet-eud
git switch 20.1
```

Once you switched to a version-based branch, you can make changes to the documentation.

To preview changes, open a console window and call the `docfx build` command with the path to *docfx.json* in the downloaded _dotnet-eud_ repository. DocFX will place the generated documentation content into the *\_site* folder. Add `--serve` to preview the generated website at http://localhost:8080 once the build process is complete. 

```bash
docfx build D:/dotnet-eud/docfx.json --serve
```

> Docfx produces static HTML files under the _site folder ready for publishing to any static site hosting servers. Deploy the created documentation to a web server or browse the documentation directly from local file system. To begin, you can refer to the DocFX documentation: [Publish to GitHub Pages](https://dotnet.github.io/docfx/index.html#publish-to-github-pages).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
DocFX produces static HTML files under the __site_ folder ready to publish to any static site hosting server. Deploy the created documentation to a web server or browse the documentation directly from the local file system. For more information, refer to the DocFX documentation: [Publish to GitHub Pages](https://dotnet.github.io/docfx/index.html#publish-to-github-pages).
```

### Build PDF Files
If your end users require a printed version, you can build a PDF file.

You can configure PDF file generation in several ways.

The resulted PDF file will be located near *toc.yml* in the *_site* folder.

#### Build locally

> Open the console and call  `docfx pdf D:\test-eud\docfx.json`. You need a succeeded build before you proceed.

Reviewer: Should we specify which folder we should call this command from?

> #### docfx.json

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Build with docfx.json
```
I want to use a verb here

Author: ```suggestion
#### Use docfx.json
```

Include the `pdf` command to _docfx.json_. 

```json
{
  "build": {
    "fileMetadata":{
      "pdf": true
    }
  }
}
```

You can generate PDF only for a specific _toc.yml_:
  
```json
{
  "build": {
    "fileMetadata":{
      "pdf": {
        "dashboard-for-web/**/toc.yml": true
      }
    }
  }
}
```

> #### toc.yml

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Build with toc.yml
```

Author: ```suggestion
#### Use toc.yml
```

Do not use the `master` branch because it is the version currently under development:

```
git clone https://github.com/DevExpress/dotnet-eud
git switch 20.1
```

Once you switched to a version-based branch, you can make changes to the documentation.

To preview changes, open a console window and call the `docfx build` command with the path to *docfx.json* in the downloaded _dotnet-eud_ repository. DocFX will place the generated documentation content into the *\_site* folder. Add `--serve` to preview the generated website at http://localhost:8080 once the build process is complete. 

```bash
docfx build D:/dotnet-eud/docfx.json --serve
```
Docfx produces static HTML files under the _site folder ready for publishing to any static site hosting servers. Deploy the created documentation to a web server or browse the documentation directly from local file system. To begin, you can refer to the DocFX documentation: [Publish to GitHub Pages](https://dotnet.github.io/docfx/index.html#publish-to-github-pages).

### Build PDF Files
If your end users require a printed version, you can build a PDF file.

You can configure PDF file generation in several ways.

> The resulted PDF file will be located near *toc.yml* in the *_site* folder.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The resulted PDF file will be located next to the *toc.yml* file in the *_site* folder.
```

> #### Build locally

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Build Locally
```
